InPlayer - Protect & Sell Your Content is a simple, powerful plugin that allows any online publisher to easily sell access to any type of content, whether it's a blog post, a site subscription, a digital download, or even a pay-per-view video. InPlayer - Protect & Sell Your Content can accept payments as small as 2 cents ($0.02), supports 24 currencies, and doesn't require changing your site's existing structure or layout. We make it easy to charge for content! Any site, large or small, can use InPlayer - Protect & Sell Your Content to easily build a new revenue stream from paid content. And while you're still free to earn money from advertising anywhere on your site, we've seen that a simple paid content plan can quickly surpass what you can earn from advertising, even if you're only selling access to a small percentage of your site's content. And since it doesn't cost anything to get started with InPlayer - Protect & Sell Your Content, we make it easy to experiment with charging for content. Selling content is easy with InPlayer - Protect & Sell Your Content. Just create a free publisher account at https://panel.inplayer.com/, download our plugin, then decide what content you want to charge for. In minutes you can use our simple protecting method to build a subscription plan and bundles of content. For your visitors, buying access to content through InPlayer - Protect & Sell Your Content couldn't be easier. We offer a wide choice of payment methods, we don't require your visitors to create an account before making a purchase, and all transactions happen in a quick, secure environment. Gone are the days of clunky shopping carts and confusing checkouts! For more on InPlayer - Protect & Sell Your Content, visit inplayer.com For a complete set of instructions for working with the InPlayer - Protect & Sell Your Content plugin for WordPress, please visit our developer site